Add `reset` endpoint docs (#182)
software-mansion-labs/smelter-website: src/content/docs/http-api/routes.mdx

If an output was registered before the start request, then actual output stream will start producing
video/audio after this request.

## Reset request

```http
POST: /api/reset
Content-Type: application/json
```

```tsx
type RequestBody = {}
```

> Resets the Smelter state.
> 
> This call discards the current pipeline and creates a new one using the initial configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Resets the Smelter state to the initial configuration. Removes all inputs, outputs, and registered resources.
```
